TODO.md, before:

- [x] Implement Start game functionality
- [x] Prevent people from going to lobby url if they have not first entered a name
- [x] Implement separate subscription for player ready in an ongoing game
- [x] Implement flip letter functionality
- [x] Implement proper redirect page thingy
- [x] Implement basic writing words
    - [x] Add form for player
    - [x] Check that letters are available
    - [x] Check that word is valid
    - [x] Refactor checking logic into utils
    - [x] Add subscription for writing words
- [x] Refactor subscriptions to use general game update subscription
- [x] Start using fragments
- [x] Implement snatching words
    - [x] Refactor arguments for findWordById helper function
- [x] Adapt to new backend
    - [x] Get web socket stuff working again
    - [x] Change graphql files
    - [x] Get readiness in game working again
- [x] Handle end of game stuff
    - [x] Make sure players can still snatch and write words before game properly ends
    - [x] Transition to game summary screen when game does end
    - [x] Send off delete game mutation to server
        - [x] Send remove game mutation once game is properly ended
        - [x] Send end game mutation when last letter is flipped
- [x] Take player back to normal word writing mode once they have snatched a word
- [x] Dont attempt to delete a game which has already been deleted (use gameExists query for this)
- [ ] Show that games are in progress in the lobby and cannot be joined
- [ ] Show feedback messages to players
- [ ] Styling

Commit message:

Working on overview of games in progress

TODO.md, after:

- [x] Implement Start game functionality
- [x] Prevent people from going to lobby url if they have not first entered a name
- [x] Implement separate subscription for player ready in an ongoing game
- [x] Implement flip letter functionality
- [x] Implement proper redirect page thingy
- [x] Implement basic writing words
    - [x] Add form for player
    - [x] Check that letters are available
    - [x] Check that word is valid
    - [x] Refactor checking logic into utils
    - [x] Add subscription for writing words
- [x] Refactor subscriptions to use general game update subscription
- [x] Start using fragments
- [x] Implement snatching words
    - [x] Refactor arguments for findWordById helper function
- [x] Adapt to new backend
    - [x] Get web socket stuff working again
    - [x] Change graphql files
    - [x] Get readiness in game working again
- [x] Handle end of game stuff
    - [x] Make sure players can still snatch and write words before game properly ends
    - [x] Transition to game summary screen when game does end
    - [x] Send off delete game mutation to server
        - [x] Send remove game mutation once game is properly ended
        - [x] Send end game mutation when last letter is flipped
- [x] Take player back to normal word writing mode once they have snatched a word
- [x] Dont attempt to delete a game which has already been deleted (use gameExists query for this)
- [ ] Show that games are in progress in the lobby and cannot be joined
    - [x] Only navigate players in the game to the game page when it starts
    - [ ] Display overview of games in progress to players still in the lobby
    - [ ] Handle games ending in the lobby
    - [ ] Improve lobby game display with i.e. the game owner name and how many spots are open if the game hasnt started yet
- [ ] Show feedback messages to players
- [ ] Styling
